select the rows with max value on a column
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/7745609/sql-select-only-rows-with-max-value-on-a-column

Unique values in each row
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/190702/mysql-select-n-rows-but-with-only-unique-values-in-one-column?rq=1

get the lastest value for each location
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/1783932/sql-query-to-get-the-latest-value-for-each-location?lq=1

differences in two latest rows
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/588229/sql-to-find-the-difference-between-two-rows?rq=1

Same employees with same department but different shifts (hard **)
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/10228396/how-to-find-out-employees-having-same-department-but-different-shifts?rq=1

Second latest date
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/13875596/sql-query-for-getting-the-price-for-the-second-latest-date?rq=1
Query on date range
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/8358064/sql-where-query-on-date-range?rq=1

Select records repeated twice
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/2235186/select-records-which-are-repeated-twice?rq=1

Retrieving last record
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/1313120/retrieving-the-last-record-in-each-group

Find max value per group
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/2657482/sql-find-the-max-record-per-group?lq=1

Compare values
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/17194/sql-query-to-compare-product-sales-by-month?rq=1

XXX Query dates with range
XXX http://stackoverflow.com/questions/16427692/mysql-query-find-dates-within-range-by-month-and-year?rq=1

XXX Select quarters within a date range
XXX http://stackoverflow.com/questions/14995024/selecting-quarters-within-a-date-range?rq=1

Query with both positive and negative examples
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/32779941/sqlite3-query-by-max-and-filter-by-second-factor

Group following rows by not unique value
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/30877926/how-to-group-following-rows-by-not-unique-value?rq=1

Group by segments of time
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/3086386/select-group-by-segments-of-time-10-seconds-30-seconds-etc

Group by interval
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/6551214/mysql-group-by-datetime-3-seconds






Good example
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/612231/how-can-i-select-rows-with-maxcolumn-value-distinct-by-another-column-in-sql?rq=1


Database query greatest-n-per group
argmax question



http://stackoverflow.com/questions/20491912/sql-select-only-rows-with-custom-max-value-on-a-column?rq=1

http://stackoverflow.com/questions/7745609/sql-select-only-rows-with-max-value-on-a-column

















aggregated result
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/32915426/i-want-to-join-two-aggregrated-result-sets

one to many relationship
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/32913803/joining-and-filtering-one-to-many-relationship

Translate
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/32912453/sql-inner-join-with-multiple-columns

Join and filter (looks like arg max but not)
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/32913803/joining-and-filtering-one-to-many-relationship

Replace ingrediants id with their name
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/32912453/sql-inner-join-with-multiple-columns

Both max month and comments in a range
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/32939572/sql-query-to-get-most-comments-since-last-month

Aggregate with  join
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/32942563/select-count-with-join-in-sql-query

SQL, reverse ID (old lowest id to highest, highest to lowest)
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/32936853/sql-reverse-entire-column

Join tables
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/32933910/get-data-for-a-given-number-of-days-by-converting-rows-to-column-dynamically

Select grand-parent node (join twice)
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/32932846/select-grand-parent-of-a-row-with-in-a-single-table-sql

Find max date and then perform difference *
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/32928624/sql-foreach-table-and-get-number-for-duplicate-data-using-reference-date

1) generate a table with self join and 2) count the number based on join
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/32926859/sql-join-to-count-based-on-query-results

Count daily sales of sales between two dates based on sql query.
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/32921518/how-to-count-daily-sales-of-salesman-and-show-dates-as-a-column-in-sql-query

First record of a car breaking 100mph
http://forums.sqlteam.com/t/need-a-query-that-returns-first-recod-every-time-a-car-cross-the-speed-of-100/3525

NOT IO but interesting queries

query first several highest (without using limit)
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/32937341/highest-number-of-occurences-without-using-limit

Group by with conditions
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/32929866/sql-statement-with-select-atleast-two

Find minimum date after change
http://forums.sqlteam.com/t/find-minimum-date-after-a-change/3472

Reformatting data into one line
http://forums.sqlteam.com/t/moving-records-onto-1-line/3363


Wierd....
select same column twice 
http://stackoverflow.com/questions/32918098/how-to-select-the-same-column-twice-with-different-order